[Readme] refresh readme (#2405)
Drakkar-Software/OctoBot: README.md

## Hardware requirements
- CPU : 1 Core / 1GHz
- RAM : 250 MB
- Disk : 1 GB

## Installation
OctoBot's installation is **very simple**... because it is **very documented** ! See the [installation guides](https://www.octobot.online/guides/#installation) for more info.

#### One click deployment
Deploy your OctoBot on the OctoBot Cloud. No installation is required and your OctoBot will always be online and reachable.

[![Telegram News](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Deploy&message=now&color=007bff&style=for-the-badge)](https://octobot.click/gh-deploy)

#### [With executable](https://www.octobot.info/installation/with-binary)
Follow the [2 steps installation guide](https://www.octobot.online/local_installation/) 

In short:
- Use the latest release on the [release page](https://github.com/Drakkar-Software/OctoBot/releases/latest)

#### [With Docker](https://www.octobot.info/installation/with-docker)
Follow the [docker installation guide](https://www.octobot.online/local_installation/) 

In short :
```
docker run -itd --name OctoBot -p 80:5001 -v $(pwd)/user:/octobot/user -v $(pwd)/tentacles:/octobot/tentacles -v $(pwd)/logs:/octobot/logs drakkarsoftware/octobot:stable
```

> And then open [http://localhost](http://localhost).

Reviewer: I think we should keep docker install somewhere

> - [ Deploy your OctoBot on OctoBot Cloud](https://octobot.cloud/). On OctoBot Cloud, your robot will be running and reachable at all time, it will also benefit from cloud only features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Deploy your OctoBot on OctoBot Cloud](https://octobot.cloud/). On OctoBot Cloud, your robot will be running and reachable at all time, it will also benefit from cloud only features.
```

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/DrakkarsOctobot.svg?label=twitter&style=social)](https://octobot.click/gh-twitter)
[![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/views/UC2YAaBeWY8y_Olqs79b_X8A?label=youtube&style=social)](https://octobot.click/gh-youtube)
<p align="center">
<img src="../assets/illustration.png" alt="Octobot illustration">
</p>

![Web Interface](../assets/web-interface.gif)

## Launch of the new OctoBot Cloud beta

> The OctoBot team is proud to announce the launch of the beta phase of [the new octobot.cloud](https://beta.octobot.cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=dk&utm_campaign=beta_annoucements&utm_content=initial)

Reviewer: :+1:

where 90% of trading strategies can be automated **in a very easy way** and **for free**.

> [![try beta now](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Try%20the%20new%20OctoBot%20cloud&message=now&color=007bff&style=for-the-badge)](https://beta.octobot.cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=dk&utm_campaign=beta_annoucements&utm_content=initial)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![try beta now](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Try%20the%20new%20OctoBot%20cloud&message=now&color=007bff&style=for-the-badge)](https://beta.octobot.cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=dk&utm_campaign=beta_annoucements&utm_content=readme_button)
```

You can build your own bot using the infinite [configuration](https://www.octobot.online/guides/#trading_modes) possibilities such as  
**technical analysis**, **social media processing** or even **external statistics management** like google trends.  
  
OctoBot is **AI ready**: Python being the main language for OctoBot, it's easy to integrate machine-learning libraries such as [Tensorflow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow) or  
any other libraries and take advantage of all the available data and create a very powerful trading strategy.  
  
Octobot's main feature is **evolution**, you can : 
- share your configurations with other octobot users 
- [install](https://www.octobot.info/advanced_usage/tentacle-manager), [modify](https://developer.octobot.info/tentacles/tentacle-development) and even [create](https://developer.octobot.info/tentacles/tentacle-development) new tentacles to build your ideal cryptocurrency trading robot
- [contribute](https://developer.octobot.info/installation/developer-installation/octobot-developer-installation) to improve OctoBot core repositories and tentacles

## Installation  
OctoBot's installation is **very simple**, you can either:

> - [Deploy your OctoBot on OctoBot Cloud](https://octobot.cloud/). On OctoBot Cloud, your robot will be running and reachable at all time, it will also benefit from cloud only features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Deploy your OctoBot on OctoBot Cloud](https://octobot.cloud/). White OctoBot Cloud, experience hassle-free installation, updates, and maintenance - leave it all to us! It will also benefit from cloud only features.
```

> - [Download and install](https://www.octobot.info/installation/local-installation) OctoBot on your own computer or server. This enables you to use OctoBot for free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Download and install](https://www.octobot.info/installation/local-installation) OctoBot on your computer or server, and enjoy all features for free.
```

> - Install OctoBot [using docker](https://www.octobot.online/local_installation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install OctoBot [using docker](https://www.octobot.online/with-docker).
```

Author: right, i changed it to https://www.octobot.info/installation/local-installation#option-2-with-docker

> Docker install in one line summary:
> ```
> docker run -itd --name OctoBot -p 80:5001 -v $(pwd)/user:/octobot/user -v $(pwd)/tentacles:/octobot/tentacles -v $(pwd)/logs:/octobot/logs drakkarsoftware/octobot:stable
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Docker install in one line summary:
  ```
  docker run -itd --name OctoBot -p 80:5001 -v $(pwd)/user:/octobot/user -v $(pwd)/tentacles:/octobot/tentacles -v $(pwd)/logs:/octobot/logs drakkarsoftware/octobot:stable
  ```
```

Reviewer: (add a tab before)

> Your OctoBot will be accessible on [http://localhost](http://localhost).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Your OctoBot will be accessible on [http://localhost](http://localhost).
```

Reviewer: (add a tab before)

Octobot supports many [exchanges](https://octobot.click/gh-exchanges) thanks to the [ccxt library](https://github.com/ccxt/ccxt). 
To activate trading on an exchange, just configure OctoBot with your API keys as described [on the exchange documentation](https://www.octobot.online/guides/#exchanges).

### Paper trading
To trade on any exchange, just enable the exchange in your OctoBot. This you to trade with simulated money on this exchange.

No exchange credential is required.

### Real trading
To use your real exchange account with OctoBot, enter your exchange API keys as described [on the exchange documentation](https://octobot.click/gh-exchanges). 

> ## Testing trading strategies

Reviewer: :+1:
